# Mondrian Transcription Software: Transcribing Movement From Video

Hi there! This is a repository for Mondrian Transcription Software, an open-source tool to transcribe fine-grained movement data from video by efficiently tracing the movement of people or things over floor plan representations to generate a text file of positioning data — essentially, a transcript of movement. These files can be visualized in software such as IGS-Indoor (see: https://benrydal.github.io/IGS-Indoor/). While there are increasingly many automated methods to interpret video or collect positioning data through indoor location technologies, these methods continue to be imprecise and background the value of manual transcription practices that many qualitative researchers value. This page will get you started with how to use and do transcription with this tool. We note that the more you use this tool, the easier and more fluid transcribing movement will feel.

This software is written in JavaScript and p5.js. We are rapidly developing and expanding features of this tool and collaborators in this effort are welcome. If you have found a bug, you can file it under the “issues” tab. You can also request new features here. For more information on Mondrian Transcription please visit: https://www.benrydal.com/software/mondriantranscription

CREDITS/LICENSE INFORMATION: This software is licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 2.0. See the GNU General Public License included with this software for more details. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

Mondrian Transcription software was originally developed by Ben Rydal Shapiro at Vanderbilt University as part of his dissertation titled Interaction Geography & the Learning Sciences. Copyright (C) 2018 Ben Rydal Shapiro, and contributors. To reference or read more about this work please see: https://etd.library.vanderbilt.edu/available/etd-03212018-140140/unrestricted/Shapiro_Dissertation.pdf
